# Service API

---

## Contributors
* Michel Schwandner
* Johannes Schmid

## General Description
An API gateway sits between a client and a collection of backend services and serves as the entry point to the
microservice infrastructure. An API gateway accepts all application programming interface (API) calls,
aggregates the various services required to fulfil them, and returns the appropriate result. The RESTful API
provides all endpoints which are required to interact with the system. The endpoints are divided into
namespaces or sections to group common operations (e.g.: geo-services, custom-relation-management
services, etc.). The API is documented with the help of the OpenAPI specification. The OpenAPI Specification
(OAS) defines a standard, language-agnostic interface to RESTful APIs which allows both humans and
computers to discover and understand the capabilities of the service without access to source code,
documentation, or through network traffic inspection. When properly defined, a consumer can understand
and interact with the remote service with a minimal amount of implementation logic. An OpenAPI document
that conforms to the OpenAPI Specification is itself a JSON object, which may be represented either in JSON
or YAML format. An OpenAPI definition can then be used by documentation generation tools to display the
API, code generation tools to generate servers and clients in various programming languages, testing tools,
and many other use cases. Moreover, the UI generated by these tools supports a straightforward workflow


## What it offers
* API endpoint creation
* Swagger UI for API visualisation
* Start off jobs
* Provides job status information

